README.md, before:

# [Maxify](https://nsedan.github.io/Maxify/) 

> Top Up Your Productivity.

The propose of this website is to add and manage tasks to increase personal productivity.

<img src="/assets/img/screenshot1.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/assets/img/screenshot2.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/assets/img/screenshot3.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/assets/img/screenshot4.jpeg" width="200">
 
---

## Features

#### The website has seven main features:
 - Add new tasks.
 - Edit tasks.
 - Mark tasks as completed.
 - Delete tasks.
 - Change theme color preference.
 - All data, preferences and changes is stored in Local Storage of the browser.
 - An achievement system helps the user understand the app and encourage further progress.
 
#### Features Left to Implement
 - Add a calendar API to track and trace tasks. 

## Technologies Used

This website was developed in HTML for markup, CSS for style after designing some layout with Bootstrap, and Javascript for user interactivity.

Additionally, the next technologies were used:

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.

- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
    - I used **Bootstrap** to style layout and elements.

## Testing

All user testing has been with the hosted website in the GitHub platform. The objective was to test the responsiveness of the site, mainly to check how the different devices adapt to the changes in the layout.

The devices that this site was test were:

- Samsung Galaxy S6
- Samsung Galaxy A50
- Samsung Galaxy A70
- Iphone 8 Plus
- Laptop ASUS S510UA, 15.6"
- Desktop PC, 27"
- Tablet was tested with Chrome developer tools.

#### Several User Tests were made throughout the project: 

- The user is presented with an input with a plus sign and 3 buttons on the bottom of the page (Home, Game, Theme). When a task is added each one had a button to edit, check and delete. At this stage the footer has no functionality.
- Again the user is presented with an input with a plus sign and 3 buttons on the bottom of the page. Edit, Complete and Delete a task funcinality is now added. After edit function is added, an user inform that this input to edit the task appears empty and not with the text of the chosen task. This is now fixed.
- The trophy system is now added; add, complete, edit and delete; the first time the user does one of this actions a trophy is awarded. The 3 buttons of the footer now contains Home, Trophies and Theme. In one test a user point out that in mobile the trophy section overlaps with the footer. This is now fixed.
- Theme buttom functionality added for color selection. The user now can choose between light mode or dark mode.
- Minor changes were made for better UX throughout the development, according to user tests. Such as: light theme color changed from orange to light blue, character input limit removed, added an opaque overlay to the footer, changes in font sizes to adapts to smaller divices, Game button icon was changed to a trophy.

## Contributing

If you want to locally deploy this project to make contributions follow this steps:

 1. Click on the 'Clone or download' button in the code section and copy the [URL](https://github.com/nsedan/Maxify.git)
 2. Go to your code editor of choice.
 3. Open the terminal and run 'git clone url-link'. 
 
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/nsedan/Maxify.git
    ```

  4. Start coding!

## Deployment

This website is hosted in the GitHub Pages platform. [Maxify](https://nsedan.github.io/Maxify/) 

For deployment follow this steps:

 1. On GitHub, go to your site's repository.
 2. Click on the Settings button.
 3. Under 'GitHub Pages', use the Source dropdown and select the branch you want to host.

## Credits

- To [w3shools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
- To [MDN web docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/)
- To [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/)
- To [Dynamic Web Coding](https://www.dyn-web.com/)
- To [Diego Marmol](https://github.com/dmmarmol)
- To [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- To [Google Chrome Developers](https://youtu.be/H0XScE08hy8)


#### Acknowledgements

 I received inspiration for this project from:

 - [Microsoft To Do](https://todo.microsoft.com/tasks/)
 - [Develop a To-Do List APP in Vanilla Javascript - Carlos da Costa](https://blog.usejournal.com/develop-a-to-do-list-app-in-vanilla-javascript-95377ec370c5)

Commit message:

Cleaning code PART 2, code validation was added on readme

README.md, after:

# [Maxify](https://nsedan.github.io/Maxify/) 

> Top Up Your Productivity.

The propose of this website is to add and manage tasks to increase personal productivity.

<img src="/assets/img/screenshot1.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/assets/img/screenshot2.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/assets/img/screenshot3.jpeg" width="200"> <img src="/assets/img/screenshot4.jpeg" width="200">
 
---

## Features

#### The website has seven main features:
 - Add new tasks.
 - Edit tasks.
 - Mark tasks as completed.
 - Delete tasks.
 - Change theme color preference.
 - All data, preferences and changes is stored in Local Storage of the browser.
 - An achievement system helps the user understand the app and encourage further progress.
 
#### Features Left to Implement
 - Add a calendar API to track and trace tasks. 

## Technologies Used

This website was developed in HTML for markup, CSS for style after designing some layout with Bootstrap, and Javascript for user interactivity.

Additionally, the next technologies were used:

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - This project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.

- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
    - This project uses **Bootstrap** to style layout and elements.


## Testing

All user testing has been with the hosted website in the GitHub platform. The main objective was to test the funcionality of the app and how local storage works. Also some tests were made to check the responsiveness of the site, mainly on how the different devices adapt to the changes in the layout. 

#### Code Validation

For code validation [w3 Validation Service](https://w3.org/) was used for HTML and CSS. And [JSHint](https://jshint.com/) for JS.

#### The devices that this site was test were:

- Samsung Galaxy S6
- Samsung Galaxy A50
- Samsung Galaxy A70
- Iphone 8 Plus
- Laptop ASUS S510UA, 15.6"
- Desktop PC, 27"
- Tablet was tested with Chrome developer tools.

#### Several User Tests were made throughout the project: 

- The user is presented with an input with a plus sign and 3 buttons on the bottom of the page (Home, Game, Theme). When a task is added each one had a button to edit, check and delete. At this stage the footer has no functionality.
- Again the user is presented with an input with a plus sign and 3 buttons on the bottom of the page. Edit, Complete and Delete a task funcinality is now added. After edit function is added, an user inform that this input to edit the task appears empty and not with the text of the chosen task. This is now fixed.
- The trophy system is now added; add, complete, edit and delete; the first time the user does one of this actions a trophy is awarded. The 3 buttons of the footer now contains Home, Trophies and Theme. In one test a user point out that in mobile the trophy section overlaps with the footer. This is now fixed.
- Theme buttom functionality added for color selection. The user now can choose between light mode or dark mode.
- Minor changes were made for better UX throughout the development, according to user tests. Such as: light theme color changed from orange to light blue, character input limit removed, added an opaque overlay to the footer, changes in font sizes to adapts to smaller divices, Game button icon was changed to a trophy.

## Contributing

If you want to locally deploy this project to make contributions follow this steps:

 1. Click on the 'Clone or download' button in the code section and copy the [URL](https://github.com/nsedan/Maxify.git)
 2. Go to your code editor of choice.
 3. Open the terminal and run 'git clone url-link'. 
 
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/nsedan/Maxify.git
    ```

  4. Start coding!

## Deployment

This website is hosted in the GitHub Pages platform. [Maxify](https://nsedan.github.io/Maxify/) 

For deployment follow this steps:

 1. On GitHub, go to your site's repository.
 2. Click on the Settings button.
 3. Under 'GitHub Pages', use the Source dropdown and select the branch you want to host.

## Credits

- To [w3shools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
- To [MDN web docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/)
- To [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/)
- To [Dynamic Web Coding](https://www.dyn-web.com/)
- To [Diego Marmol](https://github.com/dmmarmol)
- To [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
- To [Google Chrome Developers](https://youtu.be/H0XScE08hy8)


#### Acknowledgements

 I received inspiration for this project from:

 - [Microsoft To Do](https://todo.microsoft.com/tasks/)
 - [Develop a To-Do List APP in Vanilla Javascript - Carlos da Costa](https://blog.usejournal.com/develop-a-to-do-list-app-in-vanilla-javascript-95377ec370c5)
